VAULT-21944: add documentation for thousands of namespaces (#24235)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/storage-entry-size.mdx

The maximum size of an object written to a storage backend is determined
by that backend.

> For the integrated storage backend, the default limit (introduced in
> Vault 1.5.0) is 1 MiB. This may be configured via `max_entry_size` in
> the [storage stanza](/vault/docs/configuration/storage/raft#max_entry_size).
> When storage entries larger than 512 KiB but lower than `max_entry_size` are
> written, Vault will chunk these entries into smaller pieces when writing the
> entry to Raft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default entry size limit for the integrated storage backend, is 1 MiB. You
can configure the allowable entry size with the `max_entry_size` paramter in
your the [storage stanza](/vault/docs/configuration/storage/raft#max_entry_size).
Vault automatically chunks any storage entry that is larger than 512 KiB but
smaller than `max_entry_size` into smaller pieces before writing the entry to Raft.
```

Style correction: write in active voice
